doc: Minor grammar fixes (#7922)
near/nearcore: docs/architecture/gas_params/gas_profile.md

# Gas Profile

The transaction runtime charges gas in various places around the code. The
charges end up as summaries inside an `ActionResult`. More specifically, the

> `gas_burnt` and `gas_used` counters and the `profile` field keep track of what
> the gas was spent on.

Reviewer: No, this is slightly different from  what I meant to say. I'd go with this: 

```suggestion
`gas_burnt` and `gas_used` counters track the total gas required and the
`profile` field keeps track of what the gas was spent on.
```
